sup guys well in Canada here we
celebrated Thanksgiving on the weekend
so today's Tuesday we had a long weekend
so I hope everybody had a good turkey
dinner and all the fixings and you're
all feeling good today in the shop now I
got the old 58 Plymouth here and it's
getting a new front end new front
suspension new front frame actually
we've got a nova clip coming for it from
Heights
let's go a rack and pinion steering coil
over shocks tubular control arms
pretty fancy stuff now got some
repairing to do here and see this is all
punched in here and yeah I'll pay
everything welds in good the problem is
the floor floors here I'll turn some
light on here floor is all rotten he's
got a hole cut there and then you gots
some repairs in there and stuff you can
see it's all been cut and repaired Oh
back here is really bad just don't come
to me in there so this all floor is
gonna have to be cut out for the rear
suspension I'm thinking about getting
the triangulated four-link system with a
Ford nine-inch and coil over shocks and
the the bars attached to the frame I
didn't want to replace the rear frame
rails so I'm hoping that that'll work
because we're gonna have to change these
floors anyway my concern is that this
cars gonna sit a lot lower and the rear
end is going to be tucked up and the
tunnel isn't gonna be big enough here
for the driveshaft so it's actually
probably a good thing that the floor is
rotting because we're gonna have to
replace that anyway to get the drive
shaft it clear nice hitch to a big
trailer hitch on there so yeah that
should all work out okay I want to use
this existing crossmember here for the
coil over shocks
but we don't really have room for a
bigger tire back here either because the
body is right in you know three inches
past the frame rail there if it was even
with the frame rail like the wheel tub
then we could fit a big tire in here so
well I decided yet what to do there
about the floor it'd be a lot of work to
widen those tubs and then try to get the
rear seat to fit too so so right now I'm
just waiting for that clip to get here
and I can start measuring and cutting
and getting things all fit yeah body
Moss will have to be redone they're all
rotten anyway so lots of work on this
one and starting to take my cylinder
heads apart here just to check things
out I know they had new valves in them
before the last I think there's like
three races on these so the valves are
brand new so I just want to take things
apart and have a look to make sure
there's no damage seats or you know burp
valves or anything like that
everything looks to be in good shape
actually I was looking in these ports
and there's some ridges and stuff in
there just like not on shitty late but
it could actually be cleaned up a little
bit maybe a little bit more flow out of
them so our my cleaning is up really
good and go in there with some grinding
wheels and see if I can get those heads
to flow a little bit better
I don't know but Springs are all good no
broken Springs this year so that's a
good thing
and that's about what I'm up to you
here's a whole pile of stuff here that
took out of that car all the interiors
out he's got all new looks like new
carpet and door panels and stuff in that
box looks like a brand new rechromed
rear bumper bumper or front bumper I'm
not sure probably the rear cuz there's
the front and it looks a lot different
and the grille is got some damaged body
shops gonna have to fix that this gas
tank was in the trunk but these wimpy
little straps here well that's got a
goal we're gonna put a proper fuel cell
in here trunk floors all been replaced
anyway so we're gonna put up a proper
fuel cell in there with a pickup for the
gauge and the sending unit and
everything but well I'll just stop
rambling on here I guess and download
this video one other thing I forgot to
mention is you guys probably saw my
video on that my block engine block
being cracked so I decided I was gonna
try and fill it with heart block filler
but that's not gonna work it I just
don't trust because it's already bored
too far over so a machine shop Miller
Auto machine he's one of my sponsors he
does all my machine work he is prepping
up a new block for me so we gotta get a
new block the pistons is all that's
gonna get reused except for the Rings
the bearings are still good so basically
just prep a new block and a new set of
rings and check these heads out and
we're good to go
so this update they're on that block the
block is shot okay one more thing for
all he has that are new to my channel I
know I'm getting some subscribers from
gasoline's videos he came out here and
did some drag racing with me and what a
good shout out for me on his videos but
anyway anyway are you guys in our new to
my videos go back and check out my build
videos I got a lots of build videos on
my Drake
so check those out and I'm also going to
have build build videos on this the old
58 here so yeah check out my videos tell
your friends to subscribe you know see
we can get this thing going